Project Kinesis: Guidelines and TOS
Please note that all rules are subject to change depending on the severity of your case and the context surrounding it. Moderators reserve the right to take into account their own judgment (without bias) during moderation.
1 - CORRECT CONDUCT AND COMMON SENSE
The perpetuation of hateful behaviour against members will not be tolerated. Pay attention to the way you behave and behave towards other members. Avoid controversial topics and do not engage in or instigate drama as this will result in moderation. This server is in English, Portuguese and Spanish. Speaking other languages can result in moderation. - Do not argue with staff, this has been an important issue that will be resolved, if you feel you have been treated unfairly by a member of staff, make a formal complaint in a note.
Refrain from using staff report tickets as jokes or for fun or it will end up in a warning.
2 - DISCRIMINATION
Any forms of discrimination are not tolerated, including, but not limited to, racism, ableism, transphobia, homophobia and racism. This will lead to a ban. Thus, openly discriminatory insults are also not permitted in any context (claimed) and will result in a ban. - Regarding the use of slurs in social media posts, if the post is directly drawing the attention of viewers/readers to the slur used, you will be banned for ignoring slurs.
3 - SPAM AND FLOOD
It is not permitted to spam or flood messages in our chats through any form of content. If there is a constant flood of messages, an administrator will implement a slow mode. I recommend that you talk in full sentences and not send a word per message since that counts as spam and will result in a warning.
4 - NSFW
Any type of NSFW content in any form is prohibited
Failure to comply will result in moderation based on the severity of the content. NSFW words such as male and female genitalia will result in a warning, if you get caught doing it again it will result in a 30 day ban.
5 - DOXXING/MALICIOUS LINKS
Sending malicious links in chat (phishing links or cookie registration) will result in a permanent ban. Share or steal other members' private information such as:
Government reveals your face, home address, and full name. will result in a permanent ban. Using another members face or promoting will also result in a permanent ban.
6 - STAFF IMPERSONATION
Personification of staff can confuse people and cause unrest. Members reserve the right to inform people when they are violating the rules.
7 - ALTERNATIVE ACCOUNTS
Alternative Accounts are prohibited due to the possibility of compromising the moderation process. Exceptions may be made by the Directors+ if your main account has been compromised, if so, please approach them in DMs
8 - ADVERTISING
All forms of advertising are prohibited, from TikTok links to server links, sending them will get you instantly banned for 30 days.
9 - COOPERATION WITH STAFF
Team members reserve the right to take their own judgment into account when handling a ticket and are not limited by these rules. Please do not argue with our team of staff, they are here to help. If you have a problem, open a ticket and file a formal complaint. If the member who opened the ticket keeps arguing with the staff after being told not to it will result in a warning.
10 - MISUSE OF CHANNELS
Improper use of the channel will result in moderation.
Please read pins and channel descriptions before interacting with a channel. If you're caught doing this it will result in a warning, if you keep on misusing the channel it will result in a 5 hour mute.
11 - PLAGIARISM
Any form of plagiarism is not tolerable. If you post something in Creations that showcases your work and someone else's, please give credit to others involved or clearly state what is and isn't your work




COMMON ASKED QUESTIONS
1. Why are my levels reset?

Since the old game was deleted due to copyrights, we were unable to retrieve the old data and transfer it to the new game.

can i play this game for free?
yes, the game can be played for free.